ALICIA:
Simple assault.
MAN:
Six months' detention,
three years' probation.
Two years' probation,
no jail time.
(chuckles):
You do know it's called
bargaining, right?
Why am I the only one
making concessions?
I just gave you
an extra year
on probation.
You're not giving me
anything on detention.
Because my client
doesn't deserve it--
he's a 98-pound
wallflower.
Who clocked a classmate
with an algebra textbook.
Because he was
being bullied.
19 stitches, a
cracked eye socket.
So what's someone from
Stern, Lockhart domg In
juvenile court, anyway?
God's work.
One of our big clients;
it's his housekeeper's son.
Let him plead no contest;
three years probation.
(scoffs):
Come on.
I make that deal,
I'm looking for a job.
No. You have
the flexibility
to go to zero,
or you would have
made a call.
So your husband
told you all our secrets?
Some.
Look, my client is
a straight-A student.
Never had a bad day before,
never have a bad day again,
unless you
incarcerate him.
One year probation,
200 hours community service,
and he takes responsibility
in open court.
N0 "bully did this,
I did that."
Thank you.
Go and sin no more.
We've been watching you.
(chuckles)
Now, that sounds sinister.
I know how you
hate praise, Diane,
so please, forgive us.
What you have done for women,
through example,
encouragement and
perseverance,
is truly unparalleled.
Your work on
EMILY's List,
your mentoring of young lavwers,
your shattering
of the glass ceiling...
I have a feeling
we're coming
to a very
significant "but."
MAN:
No, a small one.
we want you to be a judge.
No!
Yes.
MAN; We're here
as representatives
of the Democratic ward
and committee chairs,
and we would like to slate you
for the upcoming election.
I-I...
I'm startled.
WOMAN:
We need more women
judges, DIane.
We need better judges.
Right now we have two lifeguards
for every swimmer--
two judges who
understand the law
for everyone who doesn't--
and we need to
maintain that ratio.
Well, I hope I'm a lifeguard.
That's the reason we're here.
And my firm?
You'll have to divest,
of course.
We don't do the smoke-filled
rooms anymore, Diane,
but we do manage
the primary ballot.
So if you agree,
you'll be the
only woman slated,
and thus, a shoo-in.
That's how I became
chief justice.
But it means leaving
all this behind.
I, um...
I don't know what to say.
Say yes.
Can I take a few days?
You can take a week.
You've done well, Diane.
Claim your prize.
You want Ter_rance
to plead gurlty?
I want him to go home--
the plea is just
a formality, Thalia,
that's all.
And it's just a
minor misdemeanor.
But he'll have
a crImInal record.
That will be expunged
when his
probation's
finished.
He's not a criminal.
I know.
What do you
think, Terrance?
I don't know.
Do you think
you could go
in front of a judge,
tell him what you did
and apologize for it?
I guess.
I am sorry.
I know.
GRACE (over phone):
Hey, Mom, pick up the phone.
I-It's my daughter.
I'll just be a minute.
Hi, Grace.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything's good.
So, can Shannon
come over today?
Who's Shannon?
She's a girl in my class.
How old are you?
13.
She's 13, too.
My mom said I can go.
Her mom says it's okay.
ALICIA:
Is it all right
with Jackie?
Yeah, she said it's fine.
She just wanted me
to ask you first.
Okay, then,
uh, just help Grandma
with any cleanup.
Yeah.
Oh... guess what, Mom?
What?
Her dad's in prison, too.
I'll see you tonight.
(both giggle)
Six months' probation,
a hundred hours'
community service.
You're lucky it's
Christmastime,
Mr. Thompson.
Defecate again
in your neighbor's closet,
I won't be so jolly.
And who's our next
contestant, Danny?
Terrance Ramsay,
Your Honor.
Young Master
Terrance Ramsay.
Where are his glasses?
Oh, he's fine
without them.
No, just, can
I have them?
Where's your counselor,
young man?
Here, Your Honor.
Oh, good!
Shall we all gather
around the campfire
here, Counselor?
I understand you've
reached a plea agreement,
Mr. Richardson?
Yes, Your Honor.
Mr. Ramsay
has agreed to plead guilty
to simple assault.
Is that correct,
Mr. Ramsay?
You're ready to plead guilty?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Ramsay,
you understand
that you have
the right...
Is there a problem, Counselor?
No, Your Honor.
Does Mr. Ramsay
need his glasses to see me?
Ms...?
Florrick, Your Honor.
Florrick.
Wow.
Well, we're in for a treat
today, aren't we, Danny?
Some good old
Florrick magic.
Why don't you take
off those glasses
and put them
in your pocket, son.
To the charge
of simple assault,
how do you plead,
Mr. Ramsay?
Guilty, Your Honor.
And in your own words,
why don't you
tell us what happened?
At lunch, Reggie said
he was gonna beat me up
after school.
He called me
a little bitch.
A-And he said
he was gonna
break my glasses.
He scared me,
and I threw my book at him.
And the State's recommendation?
One year probation
and 200_ hours _of
community serVIce.
Mm-hmm.
(Judge sighs loudly)
Yo_u_ca_used some serious
Injuries, Mr. Ramsay.
Broken eye socket,
stitches. . .
The other child is recovering
quite well, Your Honor.
Break a nose,
and your punishment
is picking up trash?
What's the
lesson there?
Your Honor, I would
just like to say--
The agreement
that you have,
Mr. Ramsay, is between
you and the government,
and as such, I am not party
to that agreement
and can impose
a harsher sentence.
Do you
understand that?
Mr. Ramsay...
I am sentencing you
to nine months' detention.
You will receive
the gundance you need
to be_com_e_a
productive cntlzen,
and come to
understand
that actions have consequences.
No, Your Honor...
This will be the best thing
for you, I promise.
Your Honor, I'm sorry,
but we had an agreement:
no jail time.
(bangs gavel)
Next contestant.
No, wait!
Mom!
Terrance?
What the hell
is going on here?
JUDGE: Young Master
Marcus Townsend.
TERRANCE:
Mom!
Terrance?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS TELEVISION
(low, indistinct
conversation)
This where you
come to celebrate?
Your_ boss wanted
SIX months.
You got nine.
Florrick is not the most
popular name around here.
Oh, that is not
what this is about.
That was a
bait-and-switch.
Oh, come on.
A judge has indigestion,
you get six months;
he has a good meal,
someone goes free.
It balances itself out.
Not for Terence Ramsay.
Then what do
you want to do?
You act like this
isn't the water we're
both SWImmIng In?
Baxter is well-liked,
but he's all over _
the map With sentencmg.
Someone just complained
last week.
You think your kid got screwed,
talk to Howard Brightman
at Legal Aid.
SHANNON: That's not
the entrance.
I think that's
for the guards.
So, how often do you go?
To see my dad?
Every month.
It's far.
What's yours?
Tamms Minimum.
So, what'd your dad do?
Nothing.
I mean, he says
he didn't,
but they say
he sold drugs.
Crystal.
Wow.
That's not bad.
So, what did he
say happened?
He was set up.
(laughs)
Yeah, my dad, too.
I think your dad's prison
is nicer than mine.
(both laugh, knock at door)
Thought I'd make
some snacks _
for you young ladies.
What are we looking at here?
Nothing. Thanks, Grandma.
We're comparing
prisons.
I don't
understand.
Shannon's joking.
We're fine. Thanks.
So, Shannon, is your mother
picking you up?
No. I have my bike.
Your bike? Where do you live?
Garfield Park, on Lake.
I think I should
phone your mother.
No. We're fine.
Thanks, Grandma.
We have to do
homework now. Bye.
So she's the one
who took you there?
It's like she thinks
he's staying at a country club.
Not a good one.
(laughing):
Definitely not.
ALICIA:
Thanks for agreeing to meet,
Mr. Brightman.
Howie.
So, do you always
put out a buffet
like that?
Oh, would you
like something?
A muffin or
something?
No, no. I'm fine.
So, yeah, um...
you're interested in my client,
Damien Harkin?
Mm-hmm.
Kid stole a chicken
from Costco.
Richardson agreed
to a plea
of simple theft,
and supervised release,
but Judge Baxter
gave him nine months.
And you filed a
motion to reconsider.
You bet I did.
Baxter denied it.
On what grounds?
_ Sentence
Within gUIdelines,
judicial discretion.
So, every day,
they just put out all that food?
Every day.
Why don't you...
No, no.
I had lunch.
Baxter is a bipolar sentencer,
but nobody wants
to confront him because we all
gotta go back there.
You're looking to file
a motion to reconsider?
I am.
Last year, we started
segregating cases by judges.
These are all
Baxter cases.
Maybe I'll just grab one.
Please.
*
Wow.
Yes.
Your Honor.
(both chuckling)
It's not a given.
Sure it is.
Cook County Democrats say
you're a judge, you're a judge.
Vote's a formality.
So you think I should.
I think you'd be
crazy not to.
These chances
don't come along every day.
And the firm?
We survived losing Stern.
We'll... survive losing you.
And my people?
Your people?
The lawyers
who came over with me.
That's funny,
I thought they
were our people.
Isn't that what we said
the first day-- no fiefdoms?
We also said we wouldn't
stab each other in the back.
Oh, and we didn't.
Stern left
of his own free will.
Just promise me
you won't clean house.
Diane...
If it were the reverse,
would you promise me?
Congratulations, Diane.
Ah...
CARY:
So, aren't you
lead attorney
on Sheffrin-Marks?
Why are we doing this?
This is Sheffrin-Marks.
Well, Sheffrin, anyway.
He asked us to take care
of his housekeeper's kid
and Alicia promptly went out
and got him locked up.
Sorry.
These are all
from Legal Aid.
Baxter's cases.
On this side, everybody
got probation.
On that, jail time.
So you're filing a motion
to reconsider, based on what?
He's a racist.
I'd take this up to Will,
get his advice.
No. You're barking
up the wrong tree.
Baxter's old-school liberal,
Million Man March, all that.
And, of course,
liberals can't be racists.
Hey, I'm just...
20 cases doesn't mean anything.
We need to know the race of
everyone else Baxter sentenced,
and then do _
a regressmn analy5is
to look at other variables
that could explain the pattern.
So, Kalinda, you, uh,
help Alicia with the hard data
for her motion,
and use Mr. Statistics here.
He has nothing
better to do.
Who says I got
nothing better to do?
(laughing)
I do.
All right.
Thanks, man.
Hey, one thing.
I wouldn't go to Will.
Why?
He's best buds
with Baxter.
How do you know?
I researched all
the partners.
Didn't you?
Thanks.
ALICIA: I could be wrong.
It's a small sampling.
Get a larger one.
So you think I should pursue
the biased sentencing charge?
What else do you have?
Mitigation.
Or withdraw the plea.
Argue that Baxter didn't
properly admonish Terrance.
Maybe on an appeal,
but you have to get back
to Baxter with this motion.
When Illinois still
had the death penalty,
juries were ten
times more likely
to sentence an African-
American than a white one.
I challenged three death
sentences with that argument.
And did _it work?
TWIce.
Judges should know
they can't get away
with bias in
sentencmg.
But _I don't want
to fight a cause
at the expense
of a client.
You won't.
Get a larger sampling.
Don't make your argument
specific to Baxter.
Throw in a few
other judges, too.
If Baxter is smart,
h_e'll read between the
lines and reconSIder.
You know Judge Baxter
is a friend of Will's?
I don't see
the relevance.
This isn't personal.
A judge's job is to be
an impartial arbiter.
Two lifeguards
to every swimmer.
If Baxter fails, it's
in everybody's interest
to make that known.
Thank you.
No problem.
You should knock on my
door more often, Alicia.
I will.
You're doing a good job.
My apologies if I haven't
told you that until now.
Thank you.
Her name is Shannon.
She rode her bike here.
She wouldn't let me
phone her mother.
Mm-hmm?
Well, I-I just think she's
a little mature for Grace.
_ Her father's
in prison, you know.
Jackie, your
son's in prison.
Well, yes, but he's not
in Statesville.
(laughs quietly)
What?
I wish I could laugh about it.
I'm not laughing
about it.
I'm laughing about you.
Oh, well, yes, that
would be me-- figure of fun.
Look, I'm just glad
that Grace has a friend.
She's been slow to
make friends at school.
(scoffs)
Then let me introduce her
to some friends at the DLC.
Oh, no, Jackie,
not the debutante stuff.
Well, it's not
the way it used to be.
You know, there are
black cotillions,
Mexican cotillions;
the girls work
in soup kitchens.
(uncomfortable sigh)
Jackie, why...
why don't we just let Gracie
pick her own friends, okay?
Have you even asked Grace
what her friend's father
is in prison for?
D-Don't you think we should
at least find that out?
What if it's
something bad?
What if it is?
She's not her father.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Much as I hate
to admit it,
Stat Boy may
have something.
We looked at all the kids
Baxter sent to detention,
sorted by date.
The racial pattern
didn't exist before--
The racial pattern didn't
exist before June 2008.
Why?
I still don't_know
if it's raCIsm
or if it's
something else.
Do you want to
talk to her?
Nah.
KALINDA:
Look, we don't know,
but something in June
changed for Baxter.
What?
I don't know.
Can you find out?
Oh, yeah.
Went for it, huh?
I had to.
It's a beautiful day
today, isn't it, Danny?
So let's all
take a short break, shall we?
Everybody get
some sunshine.
Counselor-- in chambers.
Not you,
Mr. Richards.
Have some birthday cake?
No, thank you,
Your Honor.
Happy Birthday.
It's not mine.
Court reporter.
(Baxter groans)
So...
I'm biased against
African-Americans, huh?
Your Honor, we looked
at five years of--
Who's that?
President Obama,
Senator Burris...
I don't think I need to take
lessons from you, ma'am.
I didn't think I was
trying to teach you any--
What was your husband's
record on racial issues?
I mean,
before he went to prison?
Your Honor, this isn't
about my husband.
You're damn right
it's not; it's about me.
You sentenced
Terrance Ramsay too har--
Do not interrupt me!
Who the hell are you?
I'm a lawyer
in your court, sir.
I'm a lawyer who
filed a motion to...
Did you consider the education
of the defendant
in your little
statistical jeremiad?
Did you consider
family structure,
community services,
quality of representation?
No.
You went right to race,
didn't you?
My motion didn't
single you out, sir.
And how clever
was that?
Nice one. Warning shot.
Send Mr. Ramsay
home or else.
That's not what
I was trying to do.
I was trying
to point out a pattern
that you might not
be aware of.
Look, here's the thing:
I don't respond well
to being threatened,
Mrs. Florrick,
so why don't you
withdraw this motion
before it becomes a
part of the record?
Withdraw it.
Are we understood?
We're understood.
All your cell phones.
Come on, let's go.
I didn't even know Alicia
had a case before you.
Pretty sure she
doesn't anymore.
Ah... guess he's back
already for another lesson.
Huh?
How's His Honor today?
His Honor's getting ready
to skywalk your ass.
(laughs)
How they treating
you in kiddie court?
They love me.
There you go, Judge.
So how long's she
been at the firm?
A few months.
What's the case?
Run of the mill.
Of course, she treated it like
a matter for the Supreme Court--
precedents from
death row appeals,
Constitutional
references on every page.
You know,
rookie mistakes.
Her heart's in the right place.
She'll get there.
Her heart's in
the right place?!
That used to be the
quickest way to get
fired from your firm.
Are you sleeping with her?
Fingers crossed that
Florrick loses his appeal?
Nope.
Wow! You look serious.
Just not sleeping with her.
Not even a little bit?
Not even in
your head?
Hey, about this case?
Do your girlfriend a favor.
Tell her
to move on.
What happened?
They called.
They said Terrance got hurt.
Now they won't
let me see him.
Visiting hours
are over, ma'am.
Her son got hurt.
Yeah-- she can come
back tomorrow.
She works and it's
an hour's drive.
Could you make
an exception?
No visitors,
except between
11:00 and 2:00.
Could I speak
to your supervisor?
Sure.
He'll be in at
9:00 tomorrow.
I let him keep
the lights on at home.
He's scared
of the dark.
You think they let him
keep a light on in there?
I don't know.
I baby him too much.
No matter how old,
they're always
our babies.
I hoped he wouldn't have
to face things like this.
Just thought
ifI watched him real close...
(walking away)
CARY:
So, what's this?
KALINDA:
Baxter's old house.
I'm meeting a friend.
So don't talk,
all right?
I used to work
with this guy.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Don't move an inch.
Hey, Frank.
Kay.
You bring a friend?
I come in peace.
Colleague.
Not my decision.
What's your beef
with Judge Baxter?
I don't think
I have one.
Then why'd you
want to meet?
I came across a crime report
with your
name on it.
You mind walking me
through it, Frank?
Burglar broke in here.
Back window.
Flipped the lock.
The judge wasn't home.
Only his wife.
No warning from
the security system?
Mm-mm.
And what did the guy want?
Mrs. Baxter
said it was robbery.
Said?
She was pretty
shaken up.
She had a cut on her cheek,
wrist looked like somebody
had been handling her.
Rape.
CARY: Why lie about
being raped?
Cary, want to go
and sit in the car?
I couldn't find
a case file
in the S.A.'s office.
You never caught the guy.
Bad description?
No, good description.
His Honor phoned later.
Said his wife
just wanted to drop it.
She happen to mention
the race of the perp?
Yeah.
African-American.
Why?
And this happened
in the summer of 2008.
Yep.
June.
I don't believe it.
People aren't
that simple.
People are
exactly that simple.
Before the assault,
Baxter's sentencing is
race-neutral.
After, it's not.
Yeah, but that
could be anything.
People do things
for a hundred reasons.
No, people like to think
they do things for
a hundred reasons.
They do things
for one reason.
For what reason?
Come on, Yoda--
what reason?
Sex, money, hatred, love.
You want to make people
mysterious.
People aren't mysterious.
Okay, then the same
thing goes for you.
You're not mysterious.
By the same logic,
you're completely knowable.
Sure.
Okay, so then hit me.
I want to know.
Go ahead.
Cary, you and I have
nothing in common
'cause you and I are
from different worlds.
And it's not just
Mars and Venus,
it's spaghetti and hydrogen.
We're different categories.
I'm knowable,
but just not to you.
GRACE:
I just want things
to be normal.
Everybody else's dads
are normal.
Maybe nothing's normal.
I mean,
maybe we decide what's normal.
(scoffs)
You and me?
Yeah!
Okay, what do you want
to be normal?
Oh, I don't know--
eating dessert for breakfast?
Okay, that's normal now.
(laughs)
No school on Thursdays.
No, Mondays.
Those are really bad.
Living in Chicago is abnormal.
(doorbell rings)
Yeah, really abnormal.
Hi, I'm Shannon's mother.
Oh, hello.
Nice to meet you.
Ijust... um... I'm sorry.
I need to take Shannon home now.
Oh, I'm glad you came.
I was worried about Shannon
riding her bike home.
Please come in.
Actually, no, I can't.
I'm sorry.
We have to...
We're in a bit of a rush.
Grace...
Shannon,
your mother's here!
So you live in Garfield Park.
Yes.
GRACE:
Yeah? What?
"Yes," what.
Shannon's mother's here.
Hey, Mom.
Uh, this is Grace.
Hi. I'm sorry.
We have to go.
Do you have your homework?
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
What'd you say to her?
Nothing.
Baxter should
have disclosed this.
KALIN DA:
They arrested a guy
who fit the description
Mrs. Baxter gave them,
but she wouldn't come in to ID.
Wasn't up to it.
Baxter asked them
to let it go.
What can I do with this?
Not much.
Judges are human.
How's your
kid doing?
My kid?
Oh, Terrance.
Fractured arm, some bruises.
He's recovering.
He's still in the infirmary?
He goes back into general
population in two days.
Not a lot of time to work with.
The way I see it,
it doesn't make sense
to go back to Baxter
with the same motion.
We should try to take the cases
away from him.
File a motion
to substitute for cause.
Let me try a more direct route.
And Sheffrin-Marks--
that's your client or Will's?
Both of ours.
But he brought
it in.
Uh, yes. Why?
We would rather
it not be you.
It doesn't look good
representing
a pharmaceutical company
against 300 working-class
plaintiffs.
And your name,
"Lockhart."
That's an English name?
We don't need to
bring that up now.
What's wrong with my name?
Well, the electorate
is 19% Irish.
They go for
an Irish name.
I know-- the things
we have to think about.
I think a speech
to the Irish-American Heritage
Center handles the problem.
Could you give us a minute?
What's wrong?
Do you know a Henry Baxter?
Yes.
Juvenile court?
Yes, I know.
You have a junior associate
accusing him of racism.
No-- biased sentencing.
I'm glad you brought
this up, Diane.
That's what I like about you--
very direct.
I was gonna talk
to you about it.
You need to talk to her.
. Who? .
Your junior assoaate.
Ask her to apologize
to Baxter.
You're kidding.
No.
You said you wanted
to get rid of the swimmers.
More lifeguards.
Yes.
Baxter is a lifeguard.
I... But he acts
in contravention to the law.
Well,
that's a matter of opinion.
No, it's not.
It's a fact.
Judges don't go up
against each other, Diane.
You can't question
a sitting judge.
Yes, but you can.
You're the
chief justice.
I want to know that you're
serious about running, Diane.
I've told you I am.
Yes.
Now you have to act
like you are.
Talk to your junior associate.
It's one kid sentenced--
that's all.
Don't turn over
the apple cart
because of one kid.
(door shuts firmly)
No continuance.
Excuse me, Your Honor?
I said no continuance.
We're gomg to trial.
Your Honor, I...
The plaintiff has acquiesced
to our request.
Yes, and the bench
has not.
What is so hard
to understand here, Mr. Gardner?
You asked for_
a continuance, I said no.
Next motion.
Ant that, young sir,
is called a tax.
You complained about Baxter
to the chief justice?
Yes.
What is this,
some last parting gift
to the firm?
Baxter's wife was
assaulted,
and he's been sentencing
from his bias ever since.
You don't know that.
You don't know why
anybody decides anything.
I have eyes.
And you'd
have them, too,
if he weren't a friend.
And what?
Seriously, what?
You gonna recall
ajudge?
Let's figure out
how that works
'cause I'd love
to see that plan.
Anybody can fight city hall.
What they can't fight
are judges.
_ There's a kid
in prison right now.
Come on, Diane.
You don't even know
his name.
This stopped being
about a kid a while ago.
JACKIE:
Grace?
Where's Shannon?
I don't know.
I thought she was coming
home with you.
Yeah, I thought so, too.
But I guess whatever you
told her mom worked.
I-I never said anything
to her mom.
(sighs anxiously)
(doorbell rings)
Hello?
Hello.
We met yesterday.
I'm Jackie,
Grace's grandmother.
I'm here to pick up Grace.
She's not here.
Really?
She said she'd be coming here
right after school--
her best friend's house.
Mom?
It's okay, Shannon.
What do you want?
I want to know why
you're doing this.
I don't need
to talk to you.
You're wasting water.
You should turn
that off.
Get off my property.
Your husband is in a much worse
prison than my son.
We should be worried
about you, not you us.
Okay, you want to know why?
Because your son
put my husband in prison.
He did not.
He was the state's
attorney.
My husband never
sold a drug a day in his life,
and your son put him
in prison for ten years
for something
he didn't do.
You're a very gullible woman.
And you're a bitch!
My son is an honorable man.
If he put your husband
in prison, he deserved it.
Go to hell.
Leave it alone.
(gasping)
We got a problem.
Really?
Stat Boy says
we have a problem.
Blacks go to detention,
whites go home, right?
Question is why.
We know why.
An African-American man
assaults Baxter's wife,
he starts meteing out
harsher sentences to
blacks-- but look--
I analyzed his sentences
using two nonracial
factors.
First, his family
structure.
Single parent homes,
two parent homes.
The racial makeup
stays the same.
Now, age.
Under 14, over 14.
The racial makeup--
it's the same.
There was no change in
sentencing in June of 2008?
No, there is a change.
It was a drastic change.
But it wasn't
because of race.
ALICIA:
Well, if it wasn't race,
what was it?
I don't know.
I'm telling you
what it's not,
I can't tell you
what it is.
So, the assault of Baxter's
wife is irrelevant
to his change in
sentencing.
No.
We know it's relevant
because, in June of 2008,
he started handing out
harsher sentences.
But we just don't know why.
We need to talk.
Tomorrow.
I'm late for lunch.
Henry Baxter.
No.
Everyone out there
is pussyfooting around you
because you're his friend.
I said no.
Look, I know
you're my boss
and you can tell me
get lost when you want,
but something happened.
Henry is not a racist.
You have any idea
what a charge
like that does to somebody
in Chicago?
I know he's not a racist.
But something did happen, Will.
He started sentencing
more harshly last June.
You're his best friend.
So help me.
What happened?
I don't know.
But you suspect.
No.
He borrowed some money,
that's all.
How much?
About $120,000.
He said he was
in a tight spot.
Gambling.
But he was gonna make it right.
Did he pay it back?
Some.
Say anything about an enforcer
visiting his house?
A bookie's enforcer?
No. Why?
That's why
he dropped the charges.
It wasn't rape,
he knew the attacker.
What?
(whispers):
Damn.
What?
MAN:
So you have a client
who might be sent here?
_ _Yeah. He's in
juvenile court right now,
but his family's really worried.
Well, first of all,
I'm sorry.
And second,
we're a private facility.
All we do is handle
the overflow
of juveniles
sentenced to Cook County.
So we are very safe here.
One guard to every 20 inmates.
Oh, thank goodness.
Then they pay you.
The county does.
Yes.
For every juvenile,
we get a stipend.
That's how it works.
And how do you know
Henry Baxter?
Judge Baxter?
Yes.
He's a friend.
You guys met, right?
Sorry, he told me,
but I forgot.
Through our wives.
You know Ellen?
Yes.
Wonderful tennis player.
We went sailing.
Last June?
Around there.
Oh, will you excuse me?
This way to the exit.
So is that when you
arranged the kickbacks?
The...?
The money you gave Henry
for sending kids to you.
Whose idea was it,
yours or his?
Officer Michael, could
you show these two out?
Come on, was it yours or his?!
You better
start looking
for a good defense
attorney, pal!
You look good in action.
(scoffs)
How does this happen?
It happens.
So what's the solution?
Don't trust anybody?
Works for me.
Hey.
Okay, what'd I do now?
Just give me an
explanation, Henry.
Even a half-ass
one Will do.
Okay...
Thought we were working
the zone defense.
Spent the morning
with your ex.
Ellen.
Really.
So how's she doing?
I asked her about
your gambling.
So What is this,
an intervention?
No; I Wish we had
done that a year ago.
People are filling your
head With nonsense, Will.
What nonsense?
Like you being in debt,
your sudden interest in
sending kids
to Palgrave Academy?
You, my friend, are in thrall
to your junior associate.
She wandered out on
some Wild tangent,
and now you're
following her out there?
How much does Palgrave
pay you per kid? How much?
Ellen doesn't know what the
hell she's talking about.
Okay? She's ill.
You know that, Will.
Did you even just
say the words to yourself
to see how they sounded?
"I'm sending kids to prison
to make money."
It's not even about doing good.
Nobody here is
helping orphans, but this,
how can you even
live a day with this?
Palgrave is a good place
for rehabilitation.
These kids are
better off there.
Come on.
How bad do you have to behave
before you start
acknowledging it.
Don't you dare judge me.
You--
the litigator Who
whored himself out
to the lowest scum.
Don't you dare judge me.
You're going to jail.
What?!
Hey!
(pop music playing faintly)
(computer beeping)
Your grandmother's crazy.
I told you.
My mother was gonna sue.
I thought you weren't supposed
to be talking to me.
So... let's not talk.
I won't if you won't.
(laughs)
So does your mom know
your grandma's crazy?
She suspects it but...
Wait, so,
what did your mom do?
Well, she freaked out,
like, off the wall.
She, like, came into the house,
head-to-toe soaking wet,
like as if she, like, took a
bath or like, went for a swim.
(laughing):
I'm so sorry!
How you doing, Terrance?
I'm okay.
ADLER:
Hello.
I'm Chief Justice Adler.
Yes, I'm Thalia Ramsay.
ADLER: And this
must be Terrance.
Yes, ma'am.
That judge worked
for me, Terrance.
I share responsibility
for what he did.
I'm very sorry.
It's okay.
Thank you.
You don't know
how much this...
It's proving more difficult
to overcome than we'd like.
My English surname.
Well, that
never helps.
But your client roster.
I'm sorry.
I could still run.
Yes, you could.
We'd send in a ringer
to undercut your support.
It wouldn't be pretty.
Might still be fun.
Better to wait.
Let us see how you do here
the next few years.
Try not to cause
any more ripples.
You're filled with water
metaphors, aren't you?
Again...
I'm sorry
this didn't work out.
Was that the kiss-off?
Yep.
How'd you handle it?
With grace and a hint of anger.
I always liked that about you.
His name
was Terrance.
VVho?
The kid.
Terrance Ramsay.
He's home with
his mother now.
And happiness rules.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org